DOCS-1959: Edit mousemover tutorial for R2D2 (#2747)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/get-started/servo-mousemover.md

{{<youtube embed_url="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/JVtZ7aU4k68">}}

This tutorial will show you how to build a mouse mover using Viam, a Raspberry Pi, a servo, and an optical mouse.

> This robot will turn the continuous servo that's secured inside the box, which will turn the circle under the optical mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This machine will turn the continuous servo that's secured inside the box, which will turn the circle under the optical mouse.
```

This will keep your computer from falling asleep.

This project is a good place to begin if you're new to robotics and would like to learn how to use a [servo component](/components/servo/) with the Viam app and Viam's [Python SDK](https://python.viam.dev/).

> <div class="row">

Reviewer: Nice - breaks a bit on mobile. I'll file a ticket for it.

Author: Thank you!

## Install Viam software

First, prepare your Raspberry Pi according to our [setup guide](/get-started/installation/prepare/rpi-setup/).

> Follow the instructions to install the right OS, connect with SSH, add a new machine in the [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com), and install `viam-server`: the software that you will use to operate your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions to install the right OS and connect with SSH.
Then add a new machine in the [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com) and follow the setup instructions to install `viam-server` on your Raspberry Pi and connect to the Viam app.
```

pip3 --version
```

The [Viam Python SDK](https://python.viam.dev/) (Software Development Kit) allows you to write programs in the Python programming language to operate robots using Viam.
To get the Python SDK working on the Raspberry Pi, run the following command in your Raspberry Pi terminal:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
pip install viam-sdk
```

## Test the SDK with your robot

On the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com), select the **CONNECT** tab's **Code sample** page, then select **Python** as your language.

![A screenshot of the word Language with four boxes below it with Python, Golang, Typescript (Web), and Remotes in each one. Python has a black background with white text and a checkmark, the other three have white backgrounds with black text.](/tutorials/single-component-tutorials-servo-mousemover/choose-python.png)

> Since you already installed the Python SDK, skip the first step.

Reviewer: nice

The servo is now physically connected to the Raspberry Pi, but the Viam app hasn't been told the details of which components/services it's using yet, so it's not able to control the servo.

Go to the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com), and navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab.

### Board component

Create a [board component](/components/board/):

> - Navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
> - Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Component**.
> - Select the `board` type, then select the `pi` model.
> - Enter the name `local` for your board and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
1. Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Component**.
1. Select the `board` type, then select the `pi` model.
1. Enter the name `local` for your board and click **Create**.
```
when you have to do steps in a specific order, use an ordered list.

{{% alert title="Tip" color="tip" %}}
You can name the board whatever you want, but if you change the name you must update the references to the board in the code we use later.
{{% /alert %}}

### Servo component

Create a [servo component](/components/servo/):

> - Navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
> - Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Component**.
> - Select the `servo` type, then select the `pi` model.
> - Enter the name `fs90f` for your servo and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
1. Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Component**.
1. Select the `servo` type, then select the `pi` model.
1. Enter the name `fs90f` for your servo and click **Create**.
```
